[Securesign 297] Backup and Restore Docs (#277)
securesign/secure-sign-operator: docs/Backup.md

# Backup Procedure
## Prerequisites
- Successfully installed and configured OADP Operator.

>     - See OADP-Install.md.

Reviewer: I think this should link to the OADP-Install.md

## Backup Process
To create a singular backup instance create a Backup CR from the following template or from the template provided in the samples directory.

```sh
cat << EOF > ./BackupCr.yaml
apiVersion: velero.io/v1
kind: Backup
metadata:
  name: <Backup-Name>
  labels:
    velero.io/storage-location: <StorageLocation>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  hooks: {}
  includedNamespaces:
  - openshift-rhtas-operator
  - trusted-artifact-signer
  includedResources: [] 
  excludedResources: VolumeSnapshots
  storageLocation: default
  ttl: 720h0m0s
EOF

oc apply -f BackupCr.yaml
```

> Velero will then create a backup and store it within the storage device that was specified during the install process. When the OADP Operator is installed using the same storage medium on a new cluster the backup cr will created and available for use in the restore process. By default all resources within the specified namespaces are included. You can specify what to include within the included/excluded resources arrays within the above sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the OADP Operator is installed using the same storage medium on a new cluster the backup cr will be created and available for use in the restore process. 
```

Reviewer: Ignore the red here,  just that sentence missing the "will be created"

# Backup Procedure
## Prerequisites
- Successfully installed and configured OADP Operator.
    - See OADP-Install.md.

## Backup Process
To create a singular backup instance create a Backup CR from the following template or from the template provided in the samples directory.

```sh
cat << EOF > ./BackupCr.yaml
apiVersion: velero.io/v1
kind: Backup
metadata:
  name: <Backup-Name>
  labels:
    velero.io/storage-location: <BackupStorageLocation>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  hooks: {}
  includedNamespaces:
  - openshift-rhtas-operator
  - trusted-artifact-signer
  includedResources: [] 

>   excludedResources: VolumeSnapshots

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  excludedResources: [VolumeSnapshots]
```

it fails on 
```
 is invalid: spec.excludedResources: Invalid value: "string": spec.excludedResources in body must be of type array: "string"
```

  storageLocation: <BackupStorageLocation>
  ttl: 720h0m0s
EOF

oc apply -f BackupCr.yaml
```
Velero will then create a backup and store it within the storage device that was specified during the install process. When the OADP Operator is installed using the same storage medium on a new cluster the backup cr will be created and available for use in the restore process. By default all resources within the specified namespaces are included. You can specify what to include within the included/excluded resources arrays within the above sample.

## Scheduled Backup
To schedule the backup process is almost identical process to creating the backup but with the added cron scheduling. The below example would create a backup at 7am everyday.

```sh
$ cat << EOF ./ScheduleBackupCr.yaml
apiVersion: velero.io/v1
kind: Schedule
metadata:
  name: <schedule>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  schedule: 0 7 * * * 
  template:
    hooks: {}
    includedNamespaces:

>     - openshift-rhtas-operator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Let's not backup the operator. The operator should not have any data that are required in restoration process of TAS application, plus it can cause unexpected behavior https://github.com/securesign/secure-sign-operator/pull/277/files#r1538031921

Operator can be simply restored by reinstalation.
